you are a giant female anaconda in
Venezuela here 13 feet long and you are
hungry no make that you are starving and
you've got your little asides on the
largest rodents on the planet
capybaras adults can grow more than four
feet long and can top 100 pounds you be
anaconda can't really see your prey all
that well but your tongue pulls in scent
molecules that tell you this is the
massive meal you want to swallow in one
prolonged gulp both you and the
capybaras spend most of your time in the
water and one unfortunate capybara will
have nowhere to hide when you hunt it at
high speed you slither under water
popping your head out to make sure your
aim is true the big reason you're so
focused on a satisfying meal is that
you're about to mate and only well-fed
snakes breathe successfully once you get
pregnant you won't eat again until your
babies are born 7 months later so you'd
better stuff yourself to the scales now
these birds can save themselves but the
capybara it's a goner anacondas don't
poison their prey they ambush them they
bite then coil around and crush the
surprised creature to death your death
grip is so fierce
the victim not only can't breathe its
blood can't circulate you've suffered
for this meal the capybara took a bite
out of you but you get the last laugh
when your elastic jaws begin swallowing
your enormous victim head first your
last meal before mating has taken six
hours to ingest not digest just get it
into your gut
the digestion takes several days after
that you'll be fit and full ready for
that successful breeding